Remove 'Namespace' and 'Tags' from the public API. (#215)
DataDog/datadog-go: CHANGELOG.md

  + 'WriterNameUDS'
  + 'WriterWindowsPipe'
  + 'TelemetryInterval'

> - Field 'Client.Namespace' is now private, please use the 'WithNamespace' option.
> - Field 'Client.Tags' is now private, please use the 'WithTags' option.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Field `Client.Namespace` is now private, please use the `WithNamespace` option.
- Field `Client.Tags` is now private, please use the `WithTags` option.
```
